I'm now inside asifa Hospital following
the massacre perpetrated by the Israeli
occupation forces against innocent and
starving gazans who rushed to AR Rashid
costal Road believing they could get
their hands on some food Aid near aul
sandat the entrance and corridors of the
hospital are overpacked with victims the
mor filled with dozens of dead bodies
yet many more dead bodies remain lying
on the road the medical staff stand
helpless amid this influx of victims as
we speak more victims are still being
brought to the already overwhelmed
Hospital let's listen to some
eyewitnesses we headed to alrashed road
hoping to get some flower for our
children but then the Israeli tanks
Advanced they opened fire randomly on
everyone on the road dozens were killed
and hundreds injured I simply went there
hoping to get some food for my young
children we've been starving for more
than 140 days very little Aid is
entering the Gaza Strip and nothing is
reaching the
north it was the first time that I went
there to wait for Aid I took a bag
because we don't have flow at home as
soon as the trucks entered Israeli tanks
Advanced and started shelling I was
injured Israeli tanks opened fire dozens
were killed and hundreds injured we
appeal to the whole world we cannot feed
our children any Aid delivered is soaked
in our blood may God punish those
responsible it is known to the whole
world that the north of the Gaza Strip
has been starving for months it is
beyond description this man has a family
of 12 as soon as he grabbed a bag of
flour an Israeli soldier shot him in the
chest seeing him clinging to the bag of
flour the Israeli soldiers shot him
again on the other side of the body he
is lying here before you the Israelis
alleged to be with Humanity they
showered us with bombs missiles and
shells open fire randomly on any moving
person they are killing and starving
us ongoing Massacre Slaughters wrecked
by the Israelis on innocent gazin a
multitude of war
crimes make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer